Sor10874/readmes/leftovers (#749)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-android: kotlin/integrated-windows-authentication/README.md

> # Integrated windows authentication

Reviewer: Should windows be capitalized here? Idk.

Author: hmmmm. The Microsoft style guide says to capitalize product names "to help people buy them". I'll do it, but under protest.

Connect to an IWA secured Portal and search for maps.

![Image of integrated windows authentication](integrated-windows-authentication.png)

## Use case

Your organization might use Integrated Windows Authentication (IWA) to secure ArcGIS Enterprise. This can be useful because the same credentials used to log into your work computer and network can be used to authenticate with ArcGIS. IWA is built into Microsoft Internet Information Server (IIS) and works well for intranet applications but isn't always practical for internet apps.

## How to use the sample

> 

Reviewer: I believe this section is not supposed to use the 1.2.3. notation and instead should be a paragraph. You could probably just remove the newlines and numbers

1. Enter the URL to your IWA-secured portal.
2. Tap the button to search for web maps stored on the portal.

> 3. You will be prompted for a user name, password, and domain (some platforms will use the current Windows login).

Reviewer: Perhaps this note about the platforms should be removed or made android specific?

4. If you authenticate successfully, portal item results will display in the list.
5. Select a web map item to display it in the map view.

> ## How it works

Reviewer: I'm struggling to read the code for this, as I think a lot of stuff happens behind the scenes!

1. The `AuthenticationManager` object is configured with a challenge handler that will prompt for a Windows login (username, password, and domain) if a secure resource is encountered.
2. When a search for portal items is performed against an IWA-secured portal, the challenge handler creates an `UserCredential` object from the information entered by the user.

> 3. If the user authenticates, the search returns a list of web maps (`PortalItem`) and the user can select one to display as a `Map`.

Reviewer 2: update class name here
```suggestion
3. If the user authenticates, the search returns a list of web maps (`PortalItem`) and the user can select one to display as an `ArcGISMap`.
```

> 4. On some platforms, the current Windows account is used by default and a login prompt will not be shown if it can authenticate successfully.

Reviewer: Same here
